



Sunday:

challenge styles
horizontal photo sizing
screen messed up after camera
default photos on photo screen

Write all content



deploy on ios
in app purchases

performance testing



how to play: 
	write content
	design screens
	build screens

tips & tricks
	write content
	design screens
	build screens

about this game
	write content
	build screen


--- Hobnob
Hobnob is a game about making friends and remembering them.
Players introduce fun characters by making up names and fun facts about colorful faces.
Later, you score points by remembering those characters. 
The first player to fill their score meter is the winner.


--- Meet & Greet
On your turn, you'll see a new face. Show it to everyone, then click (o) and speak that character's name. Then, click (o) and pass the device to the next player.
* Note: on higher difficulty levels, you will also introduce a fun fact about each new character


--- Mix & Mingle

After a while, you'll instead see a character that was introduced earlier. If you can recall their name and all the facts, click (o) to score a point. If you guess wrong, click (o). 

Or... instead of guessing, you can challenge another player by clicking (o). If they get it right, they get a point. If not, you get a point after all.

Any time you can recall a character correctly, you'll get to either add another fun fact about that character, or introduce a new character.

--- Final Notes

Usually, you can judge responses by general consensus. But if players can't remember or agree, click (o) to replay the name and fun facts for that character.

Part of the fun is getting creative when making up names and fun facts. But if a majority of other players find something too hard to remember or offensive, you have to change it.

Also, if a response is wrong but close (especially with exotic names and strange facts), other players can vote to accept it.

I hope you enjoy playing this game as much as I've enjoyed making it, and that it helps you get better at this important life skill!

- Dave

